SM-7015: Update Registration page (#721)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/_articles/charges.md

---
layout: default
title: Charges
---
# Charges
{: .govuk-heading-xl}
## Street Manager Charges
{: .govuk-heading-m}

How are Street Manager funds used?
{: .govuk-heading-s}

The DfT has invested over £10m in the development of Street Manager. The service is now funded through user charges. These charges are used to fund the costs involved in maintaining the service and for its continuous improvement.<br>
The charges are fixed for the first 2 years of operation. In mid-2021, we will have a full year of Street Manager data and can discuss both changes to the methodology of calculating the charges and if we want to reduce or increase the speed of development of Street Manager functionality.<br>

> To be clear, charges for Street Manager will be used to fund the maintenance and continuous improvement of the service. They are on a cost recovery basis. Any surplus that may arise will be used to improve Street Manager.<br>

Reviewer: Not a big deal - I think `{: .govuk-body}` would have the same effect here? 
```suggestion
To be clear, charges for Street Manager will be used to fund the maintenance and continuous improvement of the service. They are on a cost recovery basis. Any surplus that may arise will be used to improve Street Manager.
{: .govuk-body}
```

Author: Yeah, I was trying to break up the block of text and the `{: .govuk-body}` adds some spacing. Thanks

> Charges are  by organisation (local highway authority and statutory undertaker). There are no restrictions on the number of users, once your organisation has signed up. Any future development and new services will be made available to all users at no additional cost, and each organisation will be charged whether you use Street Manager via the user interface or via an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Charges are by organisation (local highway authority and statutory undertaker). There are no restrictions on the number of users, once your organisation has signed up. Any future development and new services will be made available to all users at no additional cost, and each organisation will be charged whether you use Street Manager via the user interface or via an API.
```

Author: 👌🏻
